#Vulnerability Assement of Artemis Financial
Artemis financial supplies customized financial solutions for their clients through a RESTful web application.  They asked Global Rain to enhance the security in their application.
Due to the nature of their business Artemis Financial will need to deal with domestic and foreign transactions in their operations whether it be held savings accounts, potential investments, a client travelling abroad, or an international customer it must be assumed that data must travel internationally and be accessible in multiple countries. Another important consideration with a financial institution such as Artemis Financial is that there are more restrictions than other websites.  
	In the provided code there was found to be multiple security concerns in the Artemis application.  With the little knowledge gained from the reading in the class up to that point I believe I did a good job in finding these risks and making suggestions to mitigate them.  Coding securely is crucial to saving money and successfully keeping the application running when there are hackers constantly looking for ways to disrupt the service of the application.  If a site is broken into it can be horrible to a company and their clients by potentially exposing company secrets, client financial information or damaging personal information of clients or employees.  A company after a hacking incident is a scared place to be as it is often difficult to ascertain the extent of the hack.  
After running static vulnerability assessments on Artemis Financial application there was found to be many potential vulnerabilities.  This project did a good job in pointing out and suggesting mitigation tasks to reduce risk.  I found it difficult understanding vulnerabilities from imported libraries at first but through the constant reiteration in this class I understand the concepts sufficiently. Using pre defined libraries saves large amounts of time, money and likely yield a superior product however it cannot be assumed that they are without risk.  Even the well maintained popular libraries have vulnerabilities.  To safely use plug in code checking for vulnerabilities as they come up is an essential task.  
The way that I approached looking for vulnerabilities is by using the Vulnerability Assessment Process Flow Diagram to iteratively look over specific areas of concern.  It was also very helpful to read through common hacks done in the past to begin to see the ways that vulnerabilities are prodded to get a successful hack.  Keeping up to date on new types of hacks and the advancement of their software is one way to help stay ahead of potential threats.  Using the dependency check tool regularly is another way I plan to ensure that the current code in my applications stays as risk free as possible.  After working through the dependencies in this class I began to see how just ensuring that all plugins are kept up to date will help mitigate many vulnerabilities.  Another important thing with plugins is to use ones that are regularly maintained to remove bugs as they become known. 
To ensure that code is functioning I checked to make sure that it executed properly by showing the amount of time it took to execute.  To ensure the code was secure I used a manual static test review and static dependency check.  To ensure that no new dependencies were introduced after refactoring code I compared initial dependency checks with future ones during the refactoring to ensure that nothing new was introduced.  
I plan to continue to review our class basic text in the future as I become a programmer.  I remember the author commenting on studying this book and reading it multiple times will give a very solid foundation to writing secure applications.  The dependency check, the NVD website and similar sites are great tools to check on outside functionality being secure.  Another great resource during this course was GitHub, stack overflow and the other sites who carried more in depth looks into the vulnerabilities and how to best mitigate them.  While not everything one reads on the internet can be trusted the amount of knowledge that individuals have that they are willing to help share to anyone needing the help is a source of strength that should be used, even though cautiously.  
The two projects are great resources to show future employers as they both give a in depth review of security measures and how one secures it.  The first project showcased the ability to gather client needs with very little client interaction.  The fact that I was able to build an entire report for Artemis with very little information fascinates me on the needed breadth of knowledge needed to give recommendations to future projects.  Some of the highlights for future employers would be picking appropriate algorithms for companies to use, creating proper hash functions, and understanding of certificates and how to build them.
